here's a nice little lick that's played
in the key of B most commonly would be a
b7 maybe comping something like
[Music]
mmm
one two three four one two three four
one two three four mm-hmm
you can start it right on the one one
two three four the rhythm I'm playing
here is the note B on the low E string
and I'm playing these two notes on the D
and g string by doing it this way see
those two notes B and a there I fret
down with the first finger and then I
hammer on this note and then I bar up
here on the 9th fret the D in the g
string so first the low E string hammer
on low E string again those two notes
and then the low E string for bass note
and then hammer on again
[Music]
this is what the right hand is doing I'm
using these two fingers to to pluck the
strings snap them up a little bit like
that
in the country country chicken pickin
style I guess although this is more like
a rockabilly type of groove it sounds
nice when you played faster of course
[Music]
so this lake has a mixolydian mode sound
over it because I'm playing the
mixolydian scale here you know doing a
chromatic move back to mixolydian and
then a little bit of chromatic move from
the beat Knowlton Nodine you can play
this part like this if you want to as
well but I mind a fingering is a little
harder there you have it